# Creating a Containerized Application

> [!WIP]
> This document is still being developed and may be incomplete.

To create a full application from scratch, first we need to create a base application and dockerize it.  

If you already know how Docker works, or are not interested in doing this section, you can move on to the next part of the tutorial and use our published docker image:

## NodeJS Hello World

In this tutorial, we are going to create a very basic Hello World application in NodeJS using Express.

Despite the fact that we are using NodeJS in this example, you are not limited to this for your own applications, and can develop your application in pretty much any language/environment you choose.  For more advanced examples, checkout the [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/) documentation.

## 0. Prerequisits

You'll need to:

1. install [NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/),
2. install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/), and
3. setup a [Docker Hub account](https://hub.docker.com/signup).

## 1. Create a NodeJS Application

First things first, create a new folder for the project, and add a `package.json` with `express` added as a dependency:

```json
{
  "name": "hello_world_server",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "Node.js Hello World",
  "main": "server.js",
  "scripts": {
    "start": "node server.js"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "express": "^4.16.1"
  }
}
```

## 2. Create the Application

Next, lets create the applications 'logic' by creating a `server.js` file that contains:

```js
const express = require('express');

const PORT = process.env.PORT || 8080;
const HOST = '0.0.0.0';

// Hello World!
const app = express();
app.get('/', (req, res) => {
  res.send('Hello World');
});

app.listen(PORT, HOST);
console.log(`Running on http://${HOST}:${PORT}`);
```

This will create a very basic webserver running on port 8080.  The server will respond with "Hello World" when the root is requested.

### Test Your Application

```bash
npm install
npm start
```

Now checkout <http://localhost:8080/>, you should see "Hello World"!

## 3. Create a Dockerfile

Now lets configure our application to run in Docker.  First create a file called `Dockerfile` (there is no file extension), with the contents:

```docker
# Base docker image
FROM node:12

# Create app directory
WORKDIR /var/www/

# Bundle all the app code
COPY . .

# Install dependencies
RUN npm install

# Expose server port
EXPOSE 8080

# Finally, start the server
CMD [ "node", "server.js" ]
```

### Fine tune

Notice how we call `COPY . .`, this will copy all of the files in our project directory.  However, we don't necessarily want to copy everything, so we should setup a `.dockerignore` file to ignore the files we don't want to copy over:

```text
node_modules
npm-debug.log
```

## 4. Build and run the Docker Image

With the Dockerfile created, we can now build and run our application in docker.

```bash
docker build -t <your username>/nodejs-hello-world
docker run -p 12345:8080 -d <your username>/nodejs-hello-world
```

Navigate to <http://localhost:12345/>, our application is now containerized in Docker!

## 5. Login and Publish to Docker Hub

```bash
docker login
docker push <your username>/nodejs-hello-world
```

## All Set

Your containerized application is now published to Docker Hub and ready to be integrated into CodeZero!
